add adguard for windows v8 section (#785)
AdguardTeam/KnowledgeBase: docs/adguard-for-windows-8/settings/app-settings/network-settings.md

To filter traffic on other devices, install AdGuard’s root certificate on them and set up the proxy manually.

Other settings are enabled by default.

## HTTPS filtering

Most websites use HTTPS encryption today. Without HTTPS filtering, AdGuard cannot block ads on websites like YouTube, Facebook, or X (Twitter).

We recommend keeping the *Filter HTTPS* option turned on unless you have a specific reason to turn it off.

When you click this option, you can:

- Reinstall or download the AdGuard certificate

- Add websites to a list that won’t be filtered

- Choose whether to filter websites with EV (Extended Validation) certificates

## Proxy for app and filter updates

Here you can choose which proxy AdGuard should use to download filter updates or new app versions — the system proxy, a custom proxy, or no proxy at all.

![Proxy settings](https://cdn.adtidy.org/content/kb/ad_blocker/windows/version_8/settings/proxy_settings.png)

## Use WFP network driver

Enable this to use the WFP (Windows Filtering Platform) driver, which helps block ads and trackers in apps on Windows 8 and later.

> If this option is turned off, AdGuard will switch to the older TDI driver instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this option is disabled, AdGuard will switch to the older TDI driver instead.
```
